You guys have brought me this far.
Pay me a lot
I assure you I will not do you wrong.
I saw this longevity.
Don't worry, he'll wake up soon.
The method you think is fake.
Are not.
Only he didn't know that Wukong had to fly himself on the training ground.
Otherwise, life happens.
Ha ha ha ha ha
I have mastered it.
What now?
It's okay, I'm just afraid he doesn't practice.
You are the way of death.
What do you mean I'm going to die?
I now not only hold the Truong Sinh Tuoc
Moreover, I also have martial arts.
Ha ha ha
I am now in this world.
The longest living person
Why did you come back to life?
That's because the old lady doesn't have much life left.
Tell me, if your wife can kill you once, how can she kill you a second time?
How is that possible?
Where is my inner strength?
Is Pham Hien your ghost?
Are you calculating me?
Many unjust acts must be reversed.
All of this is up to you to find out.
It must be you.
It must be your calculation.
You never thought that practicing the Longevity Sparrow would require wasting your own martial arts.
Otherwise two inland lands are fighting here.
The meridians do not stop until the end of life.
Immortality is not shameless.
Should be killed or be killed
If not, why didn't Old Town become extinct?
Am I right?